f you have 3 quarters, 4 dimes, and 4 pennies, you have $1.19. You also have the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
The numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. $5 dollar bill in the bushes at the base of the Lincoln Memorial.
President Kennedy was the fastest random speaker in the world with upwards of 350 words per minute.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had.
In the early days of the telephone, operators would pick up a call and use the phrase, "Well, are you there?". It wasn't until 1895 that someone suggested answering the phone with the phrase "number please?"
The surface area of an average-sized brick is 79 cm squared.
According to suicide statistics, Monday is the favored day for self-destruction.
Cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
It is believed that Shakespeare was 46 around the time that the King James Version of the Bible was written. In Psalms 46, the 46th word from the first word is shake and the 46th word from the last word is spear.
Karoke means "empty orchestra" in Japanese.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies.
The first known contraceptive was crocodile dung, used by Egyptians in 2000 B.C.
Rhode Island is the smallest state with the longest name. The official name, used on all state documents, is "Rhode Island and Providence Plantations."
When you die your hair still grows for a couple of months.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
The newspaper serving Frostbite Falls, Minnesota, the home of Rocky and Bullwinkle, is the Picayune Intellegence.
It would take 11 Empire State Buildings, stacked one on top of the other, to measure the Gulf of Mexico at its deepest point.
The first person selected as the Time Magazine Man of the Year - Charles Lindbergh in 1927.
The most money ever paid for a cow in an auction was $1.3 million.
It took Leo Tolstoy six years to write "War & Peace".
The Neanderthal's brain was bigger than yours is.
On the new hundred dollar bill the time on the clock tower of Independence Hall is 4:10.
Each of the suits on a deck of cards represents the four major pillars of the economy in the middle ages: heart represented the Church, spades represented the military, clubs represented agriculture, and diamonds represented the merchant class.
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in jelly.
Lucy and Linus (who where brother and sister) had another little brother named Rerun. (He sometimes played left-field on Charlie Brown's baseball team, [when he could find it!]).
The pancreas produces Insulin.
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want.
The king of hearts is the only king without a moustache.
Henry Ford produced the model T only in black because the black paint available at the time was the fastest to dry.
Mario, of Super Mario Bros. fame, appeared in the 1981 arcade game, Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman, but was changed to Mario to honor the Nintendo of America's landlord, Mario Segali.
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, and Elvis Presley.
Every year about 98% of the atoms in your body are replaced.
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
World Tourist day is observed on September 27.
Women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
Diet Coke was only invented in 1982.
There are more than 1,700 references to gems and precious stones in the King James translation of the Bible.
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food.
American car horns beep in the tone of F.
Turning a clock's hands counterclockwise while setting it is not necessarily harmful. It is only damaging when the timepiece contains a chiming mechanism.
There are twice as many kangaroos in Australia as there are people. The kangaroo population is estimated at about 40 million.
Police dogs are trained to react to commands in a foreign language; commonly German but more recently Hungarian.
The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.
St. Stephen is the patron saint of bricklayers.
The average person makes about 1,140 telephone calls each year.
Stressed is Desserts spelled backwards.
If you had enough water to fill one million goldfish bowls, you could fill an entire stadium.
Mary Stuart became Queen of Scotland when she was only six days old.
Charlie Brown's father was a barber.
Flying from London to New York by Concord, due to the time zones crossed, you can arrive 2 hours before you leave.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet (2 m) away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
A lion's roar can be heard from five miles away.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; "7" was selected because the original containers were 7 ounces. "UP" indicated the direction of the bubbles.
Canadian researchers have found that Einstein's brain was 15% wider than normal.
The average person spends about 2 years on the phone in a lifetime.
The fist product to have a bar code was Wrigleys gum.
The largest number of children born to one woman is recorded at 69. From 1725-1765, a Russian peasant woman gave birth to 16 sets of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and 4 sets of quadruplets.
Beatrix Potter created the first of her legendary "Peter Rabbit" children's stories in 1902.
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose.
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Seuss in "If I Ran the Zoo."
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
The bagpipe was originally made from the whole skin of a dead sheep.
The roar that we hear when we place a seashell next to our ear is not the ocean, but rather the sound of blood surging through the veins in the ear. Any cup-shaped object placed over the ear produces the same effect.
Revolvers cannot be silenced because of all the noisy gasses which escape the cylinder gap at the rear of the barrel.
Liberace Museum has a mirror-plated Rolls Royce; jewel-encrusted capes, and the largest rhinestone in the world, weighing 59 pounds and almost a foot in diameter.
A car that shifts manually gets 2 miles more per gallon of gas than a car with automatic shift.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
The United States has never lost a war in which mules were used.
Children grow faster in the springtime.
On average, there are 178 sesame seeds on each McDonalds BigMac bun.
Paul Revere rode on a horse that belonged to Deacon Larkin.
The Baby Ruth candy bar was actually named after Grover Cleveland's baby daughter, Ruth.
Minus 40 degrees Celsius is exactly the same as minus 40 degrees Fahrenheit.
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of unwanted people without killing them used to burn their houses down -- hence the expression "to get fired"
Nobody knows who built the Taj Mahal. The names of the architects, masons, and designers that have come down to us have all proved to be latter-day inventions, and there is no evidence to indicate who the real creators were.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
7.5 million toothpicks can be created from a cord of wood.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
A 41-gun salute is the traditional salute to a royal birth in Great Britain.
The earliest recorded case of a man giving up smoking was on April 5, 1679, when Johan Katsu, Sheriff of Turku, Finland, wrote in his diary "I quit smoking tobacco." He died one month later.
"Goodbye" came from "God bye" which came from "God be with you."
February is Black History Month.
Jane Barbie was the woman who did the voice recordings for the Bell System.
The first drive-in service station in the United States was opened by Gulf Oil Company - on December 1, 1913, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The elephant is the only animal with 4 knees.
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
The strongest muscle in proportion to its size in the human body is the tongue.
Every time you lick a stamp, you’re consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself
Humans are the only primates that don’t have pigment in the palms of their hands.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
It’s possible to lead a cow upstairs…but not downstairs.
Dogs have four toes on their hind feet, and five on their front feet.
A cockroach will live nine days without it’s head, before it starves to death.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Elephants are the only mamals that can’t jump.
Starfish don’t have brains.
Polar bears are left handed.
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo, and no one knows why.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger that it’s brain.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they could be confused at a crime scene.
Snails can sleep for 3 years without eating
Porcupines float in water.
Armadillos are the only animal besides humans that can get leprosy.
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
A male emperor moth can smell a female emperor moth up to 7 miles away.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up into to shark’s stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
Ten percent of the Russian government’s income comes from the sale of vodka.
The number of possible ways of playing the first four moves per side in a game of chess is 318,979,564,000.
The sentence “The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.” uses every letter in the alphabet. (Developed by Western Union to Test telex/two communications)
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is “uncopyrightable”.
Stewardesses’ is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, and purple.
“I am” is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
The Hawaiian alphabet has 12 letters.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
If you spell out consecutive numbers, you have to go up to one thousand until you would find the letter “a”
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better than men.
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women.
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the “American Pie.” (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Honey is the only food that doesn’t spoil.
If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
If NASA sent birds into space they would soon die; they need gravity to swallow.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards, and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
More people are killed annually by donkeys than die in aircrashes.
Certain frogs can be frozen solid, then thawed, and survive.
Cat’s urine glows under a black light.
A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
To escape the grip of a crocodile’s jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs – it will let you go instantly.
Babies are born without kneecaps. They don’t appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser, in that order.
Coca Cola was originally green.
40% of McDonald’s profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.
Every person has a unique tongue print.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
The world’s youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
The youngest Pope was 11 years old.
Einstein couldn’t speak fluently when he was nine. His parents thought he might be retarded.
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand and draw with the other at the same time.
Sherlock Holmes never said “Elementary, my dear Watson”.
In “Casablanca”, Humphrey Bogart never said “Play it again, Sam”.
In the TV series I Love Lucy, Ricki Ricardo never actually said “Lucy you have some ‘splaining to do”
A ‘jiffy’ is an actual unit of time: 1/100th of a second.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a “Friday the 13th.”
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original film “Halloween” was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
James Doohan, who played Lt. Commander Montgomery Scott on Star Trek, was missing the entire middle finger of his right hand.
All of the clocks in the movie “Pulp Fiction” are stuck on 4:20.
Debra Winger was the voice of E.T.
During the chariot scene in ‘Ben Hur’ a small red car can be seen in the distance.
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time television were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
Every day more money is printed for monopoly than the US Treasury.
The city with the most Roll Royces per capita: Hong Kong
Percentage of Africa that is wilderness: 28% Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%
Barbie’s measurements if she were life size: 39-23-33
Cost of raising a medium-sized dog to the age of 11: £4000
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the “General Purpose” vehicle, G.P.
The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of fuel that it burns.
A Saudi Arabian woman can get a divorce if her husband doesn’t give her coffee.
The dot over the letter ‘i’ is called a tittle.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn’t wear trousers.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine
A crocodile can’t stick it’s tongue out.
A shrimp’s heart is in it’s head.
People say “Bless you” when you sneeze because when you sneeze,your heart stops for a mili-second.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
Rats and horses can’t vomit.
If you sneeze too hard, you can fracture a rib.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
If you keep your eyes open by force when you sneeze, you might pop an eyeball out.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over a million descendants.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo, and no one knows why.
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.
In the course of an average lifetime you will, while sleeping, eat 70 assorted insects and 10 spiders.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Like fingerprints, everyone’s tongue print is different.
Over 75% of people who read this will try to lick their elbow.
A crocodile can’t move its tongue and cannot chew. Its digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel nail.
A person can live without food for about a month, but only about a week without water.
If the amount of water in your body is reduced by just 1%, you’ll feel thirsty.
If it’s reduced by 10%, you’ll die.
Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.
Bill Gates’ first business was Traff-O-Data, a company that created machines which recorded the number of cars passing a given point on a road.
Uranus’ orbital axis is tilted at 90 degrees.
Outside the USA, Ireland is the largest software producing country in the world.
The first fossilized specimen of Australopithecus afarenisis was named Lucy after the paleontologists’ favorite song “Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,” by the Beatles.
Figlet, an ASCII font converter program, stands for Frank, Ian and Glenn’s LETters.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
Every year about 98% of atoms in your body are replaced.
Hot water is heavier than cold.
Plutonium – first weighed on August 20th, 1942, by University of Chicago scientists Glenn Seaborg and his colleagues – was the first man-made element.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there’s no air pressure.
The radioactive substance, Americanium – 241 is used in many smoke detectors.
Sound travels 15 times faster through steel than through the air.
On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.
Only one satellite has been ever been destroyed by a meteor: the European Space Agency’s Olympus in 1993.
A chip of silicon a quarter-inch square has the capacity of the original 1949 ENIAC computer, which occupied a city block.
At a jet plane’s speed of 1,000 km (620mi) per hour, the length of the plane becomes one atom shorter than its original length.
Western Electric successfully brought sound to motion pictures and introduced systems of mobile communications which culminated in the cellular telephone.
On December 23, 1947, Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill, N.J., held a secret demonstration of the transistor which marked the foundation of modern electronics.
Ostriches are often not taken seriously. They can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions.
Seals used for their fur get extremely sick when taken aboard ships.
Sloths take two weeks to digest their food.
Guinea pigs and rabbits can’t sweat.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the cockfighting market is huge: The Philippines has five million roosters used for exactly that.
The porpoise is second to man as the most intelligent animal on the planet.
Young beavers stay with their parents for the first two years of their lives before going out on their own.
Skunks can accurately spray their smelly fluid as far as ten feet.
Deer can’t eat hay.
Gopher snakes in Arizona are not poisonous, but when frightened they may hiss and shake their tails like rattlesnakes.
On average, dogs have better eyesight than humans, although not as colorful.
The duckbill platypus can store as many as six hundred worms in the pouches of its cheeks.
The lifespan of a squirrel is about nine years.
North American oysters do not make pearls of any value.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
Gorillas sleep as much as fourteen hours per day.
A biological reserve has been made for golden toads because they are so rare.
There are more than fifty different kinds of kangaroos.
Jellyfish like salt water. A rainy season often reduces the jellyfish population by putting more fresh water into normally salty waters where they live.
The female lion does ninety percent of the hunting.
A group of twelve or more cows is called a flink.
You can tell the sex of a horse by its teeth. Most males have 40, females have 36.
Money isn’t made out of paper; it’s made out of cotton.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottle represents the varieties of pickle the company once had.
Your stomach produces a new layer of mucus every two weeks – otherwise it will digest itself.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp paper.
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continuously from the bottom of the glass to the top.
Susan Lucci is the daughter of Phyllis Diller.
Every person has a unique tongue print as well as fingerprints.
315 entries in Webster’s 1996 Dictionary were misspelled.
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
During the chariot scene in ‘Ben Hur’ a small red car can be seen in the distance.
Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine are brother and sister.
Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up into the shark’s stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn’t wear any pants.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand and draw with the other at the same time.
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan, there was never a recorded Wendy before!
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with: orange, purple, and silver!
Leonardo Da Vinci invented scissors.
A tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion will make it instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original “Halloween” was a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying!
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Public Libraries.
Astronauts are not allowed to eat beans before they go into space because passing wind in a space suit damages them.
The word “queue” is the only word in the English language that is still pronounced the same way when the last four letters are removed.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
Of all the words in the English language, the word ’set’ has the most definitions!
What is called a “French kiss” in the English speaking world is known as an “English kiss” in France.
“Almost” is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
“Rhythm” is the longest English word without a vowel.
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
You can’t kill yourself by holding your breath
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
It’s against the law to have a pet dog in Iceland.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
Horatio Nelson, one of England’s most illustrious admirals was throughout his life, never able to find a cure for his sea-sickness.
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, everytime you breathe!
The elephant is the only mammal that can’t jump!
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!
Like fingerprints, everyone’s tongue print is different!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin!
The present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs has been tasted by archaeologists and found edible.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a “Friday the 13th.”
Coca-Cola would be green if colouring weren’t added to it.
On average a hedgehog’s heart beats 300 times a minute.
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
More people are allergic to cow’s milk than any other food.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
The placement of a donkey’s eyes in its’ heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
The six official languages of the United Nations are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish.
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
It’s against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
You’re born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.
Some worms will eat themselves if they can’t find any food!
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds
Queen Elizabeth I regarded herself as a paragon of cleanliness. She declared that she bathed once every three months, whether she needed it or not
Slugs have 4 noses.
Owls are the only birds who can see the colour blue.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
The average person laughs 10 times a day!
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
If you farted consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
The human heart! creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
A pig’s orgasm lasts 30 minutes.
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death!
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories a hour
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the male’s head off.
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It’s like a human jumping the length of a football field.
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
A cat’s urine glows under a black light.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain.
Starfish have no brains.
Polar bears are left-handed.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.  No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
The average secretary’s left hand does 56% of the typing.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
There are more chickens than people in the world (at least before that chicken-flu thing).
Two-thirds of the world’s eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is “screeched.”
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
“Dreamt” is the only English word that ends in the letters “mt”.
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies’ room during a dance.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
There are only four words in the English language which end in “dous”: tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than it’s brain.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
Al Capone’s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state’s third largest city.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
It’s impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
Who’s that playing the piano on the “Mad About You” theme?  Paul Reiser himself.
The male gypsy moth can “smell” the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away (pretty good trick).
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.
John Lennon’s first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
‘Stewardesses’ is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
The “pound” key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
The “dot” over the letter “i” is called a tittle.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.
The original story from “Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights” begins, “Aladdin was a little Chinese boy.”
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
Michael Jordan makes more money from NIKE annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
The volume of the Earth’s moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop Faster than the rest of us.
The slogan on New Hampshire license plates is “Live Free or Die.”  These license plates are manufactured by prisoners in the state prison in Concord.
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc.  Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc.
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world.
The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.
The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P.
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth’s orbit around the sun.
The longest place name still in use is: Taumatawhakatangihangaoauauotam-eteaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokai-whenu a kitanatahu – a New Zealand hill.
Only 1 in 2,000,000,000 will live to be 116 or older.
When you tie a noose, the rope is wrapped twelve times around because it’s the same length as a persons head.
Hummingbirds are the only animal that can fly backwards.
A cat’s jaw cannot move sideways.
The sentence, “The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog,” uses every letter in the alphabet.
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the “American Pie” (Thus the name of the Don McLean song).
When opossums are playing ‘possum, they are not “playing.”  They actually pass out from sheer terror.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
Hershey’s Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it’s kissing the conveyor belt.
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the “General Purpose” vehicle, G.P.
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
The name Wendy was made up for the book “Peter Pan.”
In Cleveland, Ohio, it’s illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year’s supply of footballs.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonald’s Big Mac bun.
The world’s termites outweigh the world’s humans 10 to 1.
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser, in that order.
When Heinz ketchup leaves the bottle, it travels at a rate of 25 miles per year.
Elephants can’t jump.  Every other mammal can.
Most American car horns honk in the key of F.
The name Wendy was made up for the book “Peter Pan.”
Barbie’s full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
Every time you lick a stamp, you consume 1/10 of a calorie.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every 2 weeks otherwise it will digest itself.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; ’7′ was selected after the original 7-ounce containers and ‘UP’ for the direction of the bubbles.
A pig’s orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.
‘Stewardesses’ is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
To escape the grip of a crocodile’s jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs – it will let you go instantly.
Reindeer like to eat bananas.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver and purple.
The word “samba” means “to rub navels together.”
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II Killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
More people are killed annually by donkeys than airplane crashes.
A ‘jiffy’ is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
A whale’s penis is called a dork.
Because of the rotation of the earth, an object can be thrown farther if it is thrown west.
The average person spends 6 months of their life sitting at red lights.
More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money throughout the world.
Caesar salad has nothing to do with any of the Caesars. It was first concocted in a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, in the 1920′s.
One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet.
Seattle’s Fremont Bridge rises up and down more than any drawbridge in the world.
Right-handed people live, on average; nine years longer than left handed people.
Ten percent of the Russian government’s income comes from the sale of vodka.
In the United States, a pound of potato chips costs two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes.  
A giraffe can go without water longer than a camel.
 Nearly 80% of all animals on earth have six legs.
Ninety percent of all species that have become extinct have been birds.
There is approximately one chicken for every human being in the world.
 Most collect calls are made on father’s day.
Each of us generates about 3.5 pounds of rubbish a day, most of it paper.
Women manage the money and pay the bills in  75% of all Americans households.
It has NEVER rained in Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
Daylight Saving Time is not observed in most of the state of Arizona and parts of Indiana.
Bees have 5 eyes. There are 3 small eyes on the top of a bee’s head and 2 larger ones in front.
One-fourth of the world’s population lives on less than $200 a year.  Ninety million people survive on less than $75 a year.
Butterflies taste with their hind feet.
Only female mosquito’s’ bite and most are attracted to the color blue twice as much as to any other color.
If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
In eighteenth-century English gambling dens, there was an employee whose only job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
 The first product to have a bar code was Wrigley’s gum.
Annual growth of WWW traffic is 314,000%
%60 of all people using the Internet, use it for pornography.
In 1778, fashionable women of Paris never went out in blustery weather without a lightning rod attached to their hats.
Sex burns 360 calories per hour. [link]
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continually from the bottom of the glass to the top.
Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it.
 The pop you hear when you crack your knuckles is actually a bubble of gas burning.
A literal translation of a standard traffic sign in China: “Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway.”
 You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
In a lifetime the average human produces enough quarts of spit to fill 2 swimming pools.
Barbie’s measurements, if she were life-size, would be 39-29-33.
 The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30ft.
One third of all cancers are sun related.
It has been estimated that humans use only 10% of their brain.
Most Egyptians died by the time they were 30 about 300 years ago,
 1 in every 4 Americans has appeared someway or another on television.
1 in 8 Americans has worked at a McDonalds restaurant.
70% of all boats sold are used for fishing.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
 The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
You were born with 300 bones, but by the time you are an adult you will only have 206.
If you go blind in one eye you only lose about one fifth of your vision but all your sense of depth.
 Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
The strongest muscle (Relative to size) in the body is the tongue.
 A Boeing 747′s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother’s first flight.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class. [link]
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
 The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen’s ‘Born in the USA’
The thumbnail grows the slowest, the middle nail the fastest, nearly 4 times faster than toenails.
The Human eyes never grow, but nose and ears never stop growing.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had. [link]
Tom Sawyer was the first novel written on a typewriter.
If Texas were a country, its GNP would be the fifth largest of any country in the world.
There are 1 million ants for every human in the world.
The ‘Golden Arches’ of fast food chain McDonalds is more recognized worldwide than the religious cross of Christianity.
Former basketball superstar Michael Jordan is the most recognized face in the world, more than the pope himself.
The average talker sprays about 300 microscopic saliva droplets per minute, about 2.5 droplets per word.
The Earth experiences 50,000 Earth quakes per year and is hit by Lightning 100 times a second.
Every year 11,000 Americans injure themselves while trying out bizarre sexual positions.
If we had the same mortality rate now as in 1900, more than half the people in the world today would not be alive.
On average, Americans eat 18 acres of pizza everyday.
During a severe windstorm or rainstorm the Empire State Building sways several feet to either side.
In the last 3,500 years, there have been approximately 230 years of peace throughout the civilized world.
 The Black Death reduced the population of Europe by one third in the period from 1347 to 1351.
The average person spends about two years on the phone in a lifetime.
Length of beard an average man would grow if he never shaved 27.5 feet
 Over 60% of all those who marry get divorced.
400-quarter pounders can be made from 1 cow.
A full-loaded supertanker traveling at normal speed takes at least 20 minutes to stop.
Coca-Cola was originally green.
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.
Hong Kong holds the most Rolls Royce’s per capita.
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation.
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
“I am.” is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Hershey’s Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it’s kissing the conveyor belt.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army. G.P. for ‘General Purpose’ vehicle.
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
In Aspen Colorado, you can have a maximum income of $104,000 and still receive government subsidized housing.
Honking of car horns for a couple that just got married is an old superstition to insure great sex.
Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg’s Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.[link]
The sperm of a mouse is actually longer than the sperm of an elephant.
In medieval France, unfaithful wives were made to chase a chicken through town naked.
The Black Widow spider eats her mate during or after sex.
Napoleon’s penis was sold to an American Urologist for $40,000. [link]
Eating the heart of a male Partridge was the cure for impotence in ancient Babylon.
A bull can inseminate 300 cows from one single ejaculation.
When a Hawaiian woman wears a flower over her left ear, it means that she is not available.
The “save” icon on Microsoft Word shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.
The only nation whose name begins with an “A”, but doesn’t end in an “A” is Afghanistan.
The verb “cleave” is the only English word with two synonyms which are antonyms of each other: adhere and separate.
The only 15-letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.[link]
The shape of plant collenchyma’s cells and the shape of the bubbles in beer foam are the same – they are orthotetrachidecahedrons.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards, and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs only have about ten.
Blueberry Jelly Bellies were created especially for Ronald Reagan. [link]
PEZ candy even comes in a Coffee flavor.
The first song played on Armed Forces Radio during operation Desert Shield was “Rock the Casba” by the Clash. [link]
Non-dairy creamer is flammable. [link]
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the “American Pie.” (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
Golf courses cover 4% of North America.
 The average person will accidentally eat just under a pound of insects every year.
Until 1994, world maps and globes sold in Albania only had Albania on them.
The value of Pi will be officially “rounded down” to 3.14 from 3.14159265359 on December 31, 1999.
The Great Wall of China is the only man-made structure visible from space.
A piece of paper can be folded no more then 9 times.
The amount of computer Memory required to run WordPerfect for Win95 is 8 times the amount needed aboard the space shuttle.
The average North American will eat 35,000 cookies during their life span.
Between 25% and 33% of the population sneeze when exposed to light.
The most common name in world is Mohammed.
Mount Olympus Mons on Mars is three times the size of Mount Everest.
Most toilets flush in E flat.
2,000 pounds of space dust and other space debris fall on the Earth every day.
Each month, there is at least one report of UFOs from each province of Canada.
40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
You can be fined up to $1,000 for whistling on Sunday in Salt Lake City, Utah.
It takes about 142.18 licks to reach the center of a Tootsie pop.
The serial number of the first MAC ever produced was 2001.
It is illegal to eat oranges while bathing in California.
If done perfectly, a rubix cube combination can be solved in 17 turns.
The average American butt is 14.9 inches long.
More bullets were fired in ‘Starship Troopers’ than any other movie ever made.
60% of electrocutions occur while talking on the telephone during a thunderstorm.
The name of the girl on the statue of liberty is Mother of Exiles. [link]
3.6 cans of Spam are consumed each second.
There’s a systematic lull in conversation every 7 minutes.
The buzz from an electric razor in America plays in the key of B flat; Key of G in England.
There are 1,575 steps from the ground floor to the top of the Empire State building. [link]
The world’s record for keeping a Lifesaver in the mouth with the hole intact is 7 hrs 10 min.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
The world record for spitting a watermelon seed is 65 feet 4 inches.
In the Philippine jungle, the yo-yo was first used as a weapon.
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
 Texas is also the only state that is allowed to fly its state flag at the same height as the U.S. flag.
The three most recognized Western names in China are Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, & Elvis Presley.
There is a town in Newfoundland, Canada called Dildo. [link]
 All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
In space, astronauts are unable to cry, because there is no gravity and the tears won’t flow.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
There are more plastic flamingos in the U.S that there are real ones.
The crack of a whip is actually a tiny sonic boom, since the tip breaks the sound barrier.
Jupiter is bigger than all the other planets in our solar system combined.
Hot water is heavier than cold.
Lawn darts are illegal in Canada.
There are more psychoanalysts per capita in Buenos Aires than any other place in the world.
Between 2 and 3 jockeys are killed each year in horse racing.
5,840 people with pillow related injuries checked into U.S. emergency rooms in 1992.
The average woman consumes 6 lbs of lipstick in her lifetime.
Some individuals express concern sharing their soap, rightly so, considering 75% of all people wash from top to bottom.
Conception occurs most in the month of December.
CBS’ “60 Minutes” is the only TV show without a theme song/music.
Half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace.
‘Obsession’ is the most popular boat name.
On average, Americans’ favorite smell is banana.
If one spells out numbers, they would have to count to One Thousand before coming across the letter “A”.
Honey is the only food which does not spoil.
3.9% of all women do not wear underwear.
This common everyday occurrence composed of 59% nitrogen, 21% hydrogen, and 9% dioxide is called a ‘fart’.
 Babies are born without kneecaps. They don’t appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
Meteorologists claim they’re right 85% of the time (think about that one!)
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there’s no air pressure.
 The only real person to ever to appear on a pez dispenser was Betsy Ross.
Mike Nesmith’s (the guitarist of The Monkeys) mom invented White Out. [link]
Only 6 people in the whole world have died from moshing.
The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terabytes.
 In Vermont, the ratio of cows to people is 10:1
Any free-moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere, because of its surface tension.
 The average American looks at eight houses before buying one.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
 Koala is Aboriginal for “no drink”.
Shakespeare spelled his OWN name several different ways.
The first contraceptive was crocodile dung used by the ancient Egyptians.
Arnold Schonberg suffered from triskaidecaphobia, the fear of the number 13.  He died at 13 minutes from midnight on Friday the 13th.
Mozart wrote the nursery rhyme ‘twinkle, twinkle, little star’ at the age of 5.
Weatherman Willard Scott was the first original Ronald McDonald. [link]
 Virginia Woolf wrote all her books standing.
Einstein couldn’t speak fluently until after his ninth birthday. His parents thought he was mentally retarded.
Al Capone’s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
 Deborah Winger did the voice of E.T.
Kelsey Grammar sings and plays the piano for the theme song of Fraiser.
Thomas Edison, acclaimed inventor of the light bulb, was afraid of the dark.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
You can sail all the way around the world at latitude 60 degrees south.
The earth weighs around 6,588,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
Porcupines can float in water.
The average person’s left hand does 56% of the typing.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is “screeched.”
All of the clocks in the movie “Pulp Fiction” are stuck on 4:20, a national pot-smokers hour.
“Dreamt” is the only English word that ends in the letters “mt.”
Almonds are a member of the peach family.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies’ room during a dance.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
There are only four words in the English language which end in “dous”: tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and  hazardous.
Tigers not only have striped fur, they have striped skin!
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
On the ground, a group of geese is a gaggle, in the sky it is a skein.
To Ensure Promptness, one is expected to pay beyond the value of service – hence the later abbreviation: T.I.P.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state’s third largest city.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.
John Lennon’s first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
The scene where Indiana Jones shoots the swordsman in Raider’s of the Lost Ark was Harrison Ford’s idea so that he could take a bathroom break.
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
A snail can sleep for three years.
All polar bears are left-handed.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
Elephants are the only animals that can’t jump.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you will have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
In the last 4000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
The word “set” has more definitions than any other word in the English language.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today is because cotton growers in the 1930s lobbied against hemp farmers they saw it as competition.
Shakespeare invented the word ‘assassination’ and ‘bump’.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Starfish haven’t got brains.
The ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
The name of all continents in the world end with the same letter that they start with.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
The longest word comprised of one row on the keyboard is: TYPEWRITER
You can’t kill yourself by holding your breath.  
The average person spends 12 weeks a year ‘looking for things’.
The symbol on the “pound” key (#) is called an octothorpe..  
The dot over the letter ‘i’ is called a tittle.  
Ingrown toenails are hereditary.  
“Underground” is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters “und”
The longest word in the English language, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, is: pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis..  
The longest place-name still in use is: Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiakitnatahu, a New Zealand hill.  
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain.  
Alfred Hitchcock didn’t have a belly button. It was eliminated when he was sewn up after surgery.
Telly Savalas and Louis Armstrong died on their birthdays.  
Donald Duck’s middle name is Fauntleroy.  
The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint – no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.  
Steely Dan got their name from a sexual device depicted in the book ‘The Naked Lunch’.  
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.  
Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.  
The male gypsy moth can “smell” the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.  
The letters KGB stand for Komitet Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti.  
The word “dexter” whose meaning refers to the right hand is typed with only the left hand.  
To “testify” was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles.  
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning “containing arsenic.”  
The word “Checkmate” in chess comes from the Persian phrase “Shah Mat,” which means “the king is dead.”
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.  
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses. No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.  
Two-thirds of the world’s eggplant is grown in New Jersey.  
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
The pupils of a goat’s eyes are square.
Van Gogh only sold one painting when he was alive.
A standard slinky measures 87 feet when stretched out.
The highest per capita Jell-O comsumption in the US is Des Moines.
If a rooster can’t fully extend its neck, it can’t crow.
There were always 56 curls in Shirley Temple’s hair.
The eyes of a donkey are positioned so that it can see all four feet at all times.
Worcestershire sauce in essentially an Anchovy Ketchup.
Rhode Island is the only state which the hammer throw is a legal high school sport.
The average lifespan of an eyelash is five months.
A spider has transparent blood.
Every acre of American crops harvested contains 100 pounds of insects.
Prince Charles is an avid collecter of toilet seats.
The most common street name in the U.S. is Second Street.
Tehran is the most expensive city on earth.
The sweat drops drawn in cartoon comic strips are called pleuts.
Babies are most likely to be born on Tuesdays.
The HyperMart outside of Garland Texas has 58 check-outs.
The Minneapolis phone book has 21 pages of Andersons.
In the 1980′s American migraines increased by 60%.
Poland is the “stolen car capital of the world”.
Jefferson invented the dumbwaiter, the monetary system, and the folding attic ladder.
The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.
In Miconesia, coins are 12 feet across.
A horse can look forward with one eye and back with the other.
Shakespeare is quoted 33,150 times in the Oxford English dictionary.
The word Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.
NBA superstar Michael Jordan was originally cut from his high school basketball team.
You spend 7 years of your life in the bathroom.
A family of 26 could go to the movies in Mexico city for the price of one in Tokyo.
10,000 Dutch cows pass through the Amsterdam airport each year.
Approximately every seven minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls their hamstring.
Simplistic passwords contribute to over 80% of all computer password break-ins.
The top 3 health-related searches on the Internet are (in this order): Depression, Allergies, & Cancer.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older.
The first owner of the Marlboro company died of lung cancer.
All US Presidents have worn glasses; some just didn’t like being seen wearing them in public.
Mosquito repellents don’t repel. They hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito’s sensors so they don’t know you’re there.
Walt Disney was afraid of mice.
The site with the highest number of women visitors between the age of 35 and 44 years old: Alka-Seltzer.com
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year’s supply of footballs.
Thirty-five percent of people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth are Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser (in that order).
Humans are the only primates that don’t have pigment in the palms of their hands.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a ‘Friday the 13th’.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene.
The mask worn by Michael Myers in the original “Halloween” was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
Dr. Jack Kevorkian first patient has Alzheimer’s disease.
Fictional/horror writer Stephen King sleeps with a nearby light on to calm his fear of the dark. 
It’s possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.
The very first song played on MTV was ‘Video Killed The Radio Star’ by the Buggles.
Americans travel 1,144,721,000 miles by air every day
The the U.S. you dial ’911′. In Stockholm, Sweden you dial 90000
38% of American men say they love their cars more than women
The U.S. military operates 234 golf courses
100% of lottery winners do gain weight
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo, and no one knows why.
Cats urine glows under a black light.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of “Lorne Greene’s Wild Kingdom.”
Pamela Anderson Lee is Canada’s Centennial Baby, being the first baby born on the centennial anniversary of Canada’s independence.
Pinocchio is Italian for “pine head.”
When possums are playing ‘possum’, they are not “playing.” They actually pass out from sheer terror.
Who’s that playing the piano on the “Mad About You” theme? Paul Reiser himself.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies’ room during a dance.
Most lipstick contains fish scales!
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn’t wear pants!
There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building!
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand!
The placement of a donkey’s eyes in its’ heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!
Over 1000 birds a year die from smashing into windows!
The state of Florida is bigger than England!
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons!
Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours!
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue!
Honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes!
A jellyfish is 95 percent water!
In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals!
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs!
Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States!
166,875,000,000 pieces of mail are delivered each year in the US
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head
Daffy Duck’s middle name is “Dumas”
In Disney’s Fantasia, the Sorcerer’s name is “Yensid” (Disney backwards.)
In The Empire Strikes Back there is a potato hidden in the asteroid field
James Bond’s car had three different license plates in Goldfinger
Canada makes up 6.67 percent of the Earth’s land area
South Dakota is the only U.S state which shares no letters with the name of it’s capital
The KGB is headquartered at No. 2 Felix Dzerzhinsky Square, Moscow
The Vatican city registered 0 births in 1983
Spain leads the world in cork production
There are 1,792 steps in the Eiffel Tower
There are 269 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand while drawing with the other